c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Api.dll.config
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Api.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Api.pdb
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\obj\Debug\Api.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\obj\Debug\Api.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\obj\Debug\Api.pdb
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\firmiano\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Api.dll.config
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Api.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Api.pdb
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Core.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Core.pdb
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\obj\Debug\Api.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\obj\Debug\Api.dll
C:\Users\Firmiano\Desktop\Guilherme\GitHub\SwRecomendacao\Api\obj\Debug\Api.pdb
